SDK-1737: New Spryker Code Upgrader documentation (#1628)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/paas-plus/dev/troubleshooting/the-process-exceeded-the-timeout.md

---
title: The process exceeded the timeout
description: Know what to do if you get the timeout error in Spryker Code Upgrader
template: concept-topic-template
---

> If the execution of Spryker Code Upgrader returns a Composer timeout error, make sure that your access token is still valid. It may be expired or have incorrect permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the execution of Spryker Code Upgrader returns a Composer timeout error, make sure that your access token is still valid. It may be expired or have incorrectly set permissions.
```
